[docs] Improve README.md (#27852)
mui-org/material-ui: README.md

[<img loading="lazy" alt="GitHub" src="https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/logos_page/GitHub-Logo.png" height="25">](https://github.com/)

> GitHub allows us to host the Git repository and used for project management.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GitHub allows us to host the Git repository and coordinate work.
```

[<img loading="lazy" alt="Netlify" src="https://cdn.netlify.com/15ecf59b59c9d04b88097c6b5d2c7e8a7d1302d0/1b6d6/img/press/logos/full-logo-light.svg" height="30">](https://www.netlify.com/)

> Netlify allows us to distribute the documentation and also used for hosting websites.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Netlify allows us to distribute the documentation.
```
